Update NativeWind template to v.4 / Expo Router (#545)
expo/examples: with-nativewind/README.md

<!-- Link to related Expo or library docs -->

> - This example replicates the [NativeWind Expo Router setup instructions](https://www.nativewind.dev/getting-started/expo-router) for NativeWind v.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This example replicates the [NativeWind Expo Router setup instructions](https://www.nativewind.dev/getting-started/expo-router) for NativeWind v4.
```

I think it can be omitted. A common pattern is to just say vX (X being the number).
